Domybest (#1)
Kosuke-iga/SSS-master-thesis: doc/1_intro.tex

\chapter{Introduction}\markright{Chapter 1: Introduction}\label{Sec:Introduction}

In these days, the Internet of Things (IoT) is interconnetcting a large number of electronic devices with a variety of applications in our lives, such as smart appliances, smart houses, smart grid, energy management systems, and so on, at a tremendous speed.
The number of the IoT devices is continue to increase.
It is estimated to be about 50 billion all over the world by 2030 \cite{}.
They become targets of malware attacks due to the rapid increase and the development into devices which have interconnectivity in these days.
Unfortunately, vulnerable IoT devices are spreading since the countermeasures cannot keep up with this trend of IoT malware attacks.
Thus, this circumstance results in the urgency of detecting IoT malwares.

%Existing practical solutions for detecting malwares are all static approaches since they are not suitable for dynamic approach due to limited computational resources of them.

> Existing solutions for detecting malwares are mainly classified into router-side schemes \cite{} and device-side schemes \cite{}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Existing solutions for detecting malware samples are mainly classified into router-side schemes \cite{} and device-side schemes \cite{}.

```
ごめん、俺が修論書いた時はmalware は可算名詞だと思ってたんだけど、不可算名詞らしいから、複数形にしたいときは、malware samples って言うといいと思う。
他も全部直しておいて！

Router-side schemes pay attention to the fact that there exists strong evidences of malwares in network traffic.
This is because adversaries have to scan IoT devices and propagate their malware before attacking itself and theses phases cause abnormal traffic which cannot be seen in benign case.

> Based on the fact, those scheme utilize the features extracted from incoming packets in the scanning/propagation phase such as destination IP address during a certain time, port number and so on, at a gateway of the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on the fact, those schemes utilize the features extracted from incoming packets in the scanning/propagation phase such as destination IP address during a certain time, port number and so on, at a gateway of the network.

```

Although router-side schemes are useful, these schemes are subject to internal attacks of the local network itself since the packets do not go through the router.

In order to cope with the limitations of router-side schemes, device-side schemes are proposed.
Device-side schemes are conducted by utilizing the features extracted from malware itself at each IoT devices.

> Most of the device-side schemes utilze various features which can be extract statically since IoT devices are not suitable for dynamic detections due to their limited computing and storage capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the device-side schemes utilize various features which can be extracted statically since IoT devices are not suitable for dynamic detections due to their limited computing and storage capabilities.

```

Although \cite{} can extract represantative features of the application, it is a time-consuming and laborious method due to the analysis for an enormous number of IoT malwares.

In order to cope with the spreading IoT malwares with device-side detections, some researchers utilize Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) in their scheme.
\cite{} utilezes GrayScale Image (GSI) converted from raw bytes of each malware binary for its CNN.
Although it is suitable for IoT malware detection since CNN can extract malware features from GSI automatically without feature engineering, it can be avoided with evasive techniques by adversaries to GSI or Binary Data (BD) of malware. 

In order to detect such malwares with exisiting evasive techniques, that is manipulated GSIs and BD, in this paper, we propose an evasion-resilient IoT malware detection scheme with invalidating adversarial byte sequences and 1D convolutional filters.
The main idea of our scheme is that the some regions which contribute to decision making in each manipulated target still remain after the evasive techniques by adverasaries. 

> We aim to improve the detection accuracy by statically by statically extracting/enhancing each beneficial region of the manipulated target for the CNN model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We aim to improve the detection accuracy by statically extracting/enhancing each beneficial region of the manipulated target for the CNN model.

```
